---
layout: post
title: Week 4: Extension Presentations
---

&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;This was my first ever group project in a CS class. It's difficult doing that sort of collaboration due to the fact that everyone is coming from different background and has different experiences and skills. One person might know a language that another doesn't, one may have worked with an API that others haven't, etc. Because this project was very small scale and quick it didn't end up being an issue, but given a larger project it would certainly be necessary to assess everyone's skills and assign tasks accordingly.
<!--more-->

&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;For this project I feel that I made significant contributions. I built my code around the html form that was created by a teammate, and I ended up writing all the javascript for the actual search bar functionality. Although our project was simple, my part took hours and hours despite ending up being under 30 lines of code. Oh well. I had two main issues. One was that I didn't realize the popup/search bar had it's own console apart from the console that was accessed by right-clicking/inspecting the page. This one is accessed on the page on which you upload your extension. Not being able to get even a simple console log to show up made me want to rip my hair out, but luckily I figured it out and it was smooth sailing from there. The second issue is that there were necessary lines in the manifest that we did not have. However, I couldn't see these errors until I figured out the console issue. Very frustrating, but I got it in the end which was equally satisfying. During this project I learned that the more communication you have with your team, the better.

&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;I was really impressed by the other extensions, but especially by the youtube one. I was really impressed by the amount of functionality they had and how it all worked together flawlessly. It's something that I would consider installing myself.
