---
layout: post
title: 'Week 15 - Final Week'
---

&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;This is the last week before finals. I've been thoroughly enjoying the presentations so far and have ben really impressed with the progress my classmates have made. I'm excited to see the last few groups and to see what kind of contributions they're managed to make, especially the Linux group simply because it seems like such a complicated and ambitious project that I have next to no knowledge of. Next class will also be the final class(!) which is very bittersweet. On one hand I'm very ready to finish this semester, graduate, and move on to the next chapter of my life, but on the other hand, I will miss college, and particularly this class which has been my favorite this semester.
&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;<!--more-->I think my group's presentation went very well. I don't particularly like public speaking but I wasn't too nervous and I think I presented my slides well and that our presentation as a whole was entertaining and informative. I enjoyed working on Free Code Camp and I will certainly keep using it as a learning platform through their many tutorials. I'd like to keep contributing as well, but it depends on how much free time I have and if there are issues I feel I can tackle. It would be a good thing to keep contributing to even if just to put on my resume. Even if I don't, though I'm glad I had the experience and I learned a ton working with the FCC codebase and community.