---
layout: post
title: 'Week 14 - Preparing for Presentations'
---

&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;This is our last week before presentations begin. My group is going on monday and I'm actually quite excited. I ususally don't like giving presentations very much, but this is work that I am really proud of and I look forward to sharing my experiences with the rest of the class - and even more excited to hear what everyone else has been working on all this time. It feels as though everyone's been isolated in their groups for this half of the semester working on their respective projects. I've overheard snippets of what people are doing while in class but I really look forward to seeing all their work presented in a complete manner.

<!--more-->
&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;This is also the last week we are required to work on our Open Source projects, which means after this I am no longer obligated to keep checking the issues page of the FreeCodeCamp Github. I'm unsure whether I'll keep working on the project and contributing. I think it's fairly unlikely - I'm graduating in about 2 weeks and will be very busy working and such. I do think, though, that I will certainly use FreeCodeCamp for learning things like React, Redux, and other technologies that will help me get a job. I'll maybe even get a certification in Frontend Development that they offer. And I suppose if I come across any issues I might be inclined to report and potentially fix them myself! I'm glad I had this experience though, it was super eye-opening and was a great learning opportunity. Real world experience in a sheltered environment is the best.