---
layout: post
title: 'Week 5 - Open Library Presentation'
---

&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;The Open Library presentation by Mek was super interesting. I knew very little about Open Library besides the occasional encounter with Internet Archive online, but I was really impressed by the amount and variety of work Open Library does. The most suprising thing to me was that they have a physical copy of every book listed on their library and that you may have to wait to check out a book even though it's a virtual copy. I thought Mek was a very engaging speaker and made me interested in Open Library as a possible project to contribute to later this semester due to the strong sense of community and how welcoming he made them seem.
<!--more-->

&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;My small contributions have been going alright, but I am very aware that I need to step up my efforts and do a few this week to make up for missing a week or two in the past. It's difficult sometimes to find something to work on, especially for something with so many contributors like Open Streetmap. I was planning on adding a grocery store that opened recently near my apartment that wasn't yet on the map, but when I checked back a few days later it had already been added. Speed is important for projects like this. Wikipedia is probably more difficult due to the volume of contributors and strict requirements on adding sources and such. I also ran into some troubles on the class website when I tried to fix a reported issue and found that it had been resolved, though not tagged as such. But this week I'm going to look for more issues to report/resolve on both the class website and the browser extensions made by classmates.