---
layout: post
title: 'Week 12 - Christopher Snider'
---

&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;This week we had another talk, this time by Christopher Snider of Tidepool. their mission of delivering technology to assist people to deal with their diabetes was an interesting look into open source that we hadn't heard from before. The health care industry is very different from the tech industry, but can benefit greatly from technological advancements and, as we heard, from open source development practices. One thing I found particularly interesting was Tidepool's take on open source development. While the project is officially open source and is visible to anyone who may want to view the source code, it is very difficult, if at all possible, for anyone to contribute. Due to the project's life-or-death nature in some applications, it is necesary to vet contributors to the utmost degree to avoid any faulty code.<!--more--> It was therefore eye opening to see that open source can mean simply open to view or copy, but that you will most liekly not be able to contribute as an outsider.

&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;As for my group, we are doing quite well. I'm happy with our number of contributions, which I think is on the higher end compared to other groups. They are mostly very simple fixes, but we're taking what we can get. Free Code Camp is simply too popular and active to get larger issues that we can work on to appear regularly. That being said, I am currently waiting for maintainers to get back to me about an issue that's being discussed. I feel as though the discussion has concluded and the proposed idea should be contributed, and hopefully they agree, which would mean that I could possibly contribute another edit to FCC. Fingers crossed.