---
layout: post
title: 'Week 13 - Open Source in Business'
---

&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;I feel as though the more I learn about Open Source the more it seems like the most logical choice for most projects. Except for cases where the source code needs to be hidden, it seems more often than not a benefit to allow your code to be viewed and contributed to by the public. I think that the reason more companies don't take advantage of this is how counter intuitive it sounds, making your product available for anyone to look at how its made. It's like publishing a secret recipe - then anyone could make it! But the truth is that someone may have a great idea that could improve your secret recipe, and besides, people will still pay for the convenience of your company making and distributing the product. Of course this isn't applicable to all projects, but its worth keeping in mind. I especially was interested by the talk about the seed modification at the end and how it was illegal to plant the seeds you harvest from the plants, and instead need to buy more seeds fromt he manufacturer. Very strange.

<!--more-->
&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;My group is still doing fine. We continue to make contributions to translation because there is no shortage of need for that work. Coding contributions, however, are a bit more elusive and require some patience and digging. I think we hav identified one or two more issues we could work on, though, so hopefully we can finish those up and then be ready to present the next week. Overall, though, I have nothing new to report.
