---
layout: post
title: 'Week 7 - Project Chosen'
---

&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;I'm very happy about teh project my group chose: FreeCodeCamp. I think there's a lot of room for contributions and many different ways to contribute which is good - there's a lot of variety. The installation wasn't very difficult. It took a while but compared to other groups (especially Linux) it was very light work. I'm looking forward to contributing to some frontend work and to have something I can put on my resume. 

&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;My hopes are that there will be open issues within our skill range that we will be able to tackle as a group. I know both my group mates will be able to do translation work for FCC, but I don't speak another language. However, I could make myself useful by proofreading and maybe making suggestions if needed. <!--more--> There are quite a few open issues on the github page which is a good sign, but many of them have a lot of discussion already and may already have been started by others. I will have to investigate.

&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;My worry for this project is that we will have a hard time finding issues ot work on. As I said many of the issues have some discussiojn already and many of them are quite old, leading me to believe that teh community may not be as active as it seems. However, we can always flag/resolve our own issues or even suggest our own new features to be implemented, which would be a much more rewarding contribution. First I will get myself more acquainted with the site and do a few of the tutorials, hopefully I'll run into a bug or two that I can report. We should also reach out to the community and try to make contact. Overall I'm excited to start - after spring break. 
