---
layout: post
title: Week 2
---

Week 2: Code of Conduct Activity

&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;Looking at a number of code of conduct pages make the benefits of having such a page very clear. I believe the most important benefit is to establish ground rules for the community that you can reference and cite when inappropriate or unwelcome behavior is shown by contributors. Go's follows the Contributor Covenant closely, but expands upon it in a few ways. For one, it supplies concrete statements on how unwanted behavior is dealt with by the team in the form of conflict management. The Covenant does not do this as it is a guideline for projects to follow, and does not try to dictate how those groups should respond, as it would vary depending on the size and strictness of each project and their members. <!--more--> Secondly, Go contains a values section, which does not appear in the covenant, which is a reasoning for following these guidelines that are specific to the values of the team. This is probably done to try to establish the project's environment to newcomers. Eclipse's code of conduct can be found [here](https://www.eclipse.org/org/documents/Community_Code_of_Conduct.php). In it, they go into a bit more detail that Go and contain more specifics, such as a 'No Retaliation' section. I would guess this is added becasue of past incidents where this was an issue.

&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;The Sugar Labs code of conduct cites the Ubuntu Code of Conduct as its basis. It is interesting to note how it leaves much more conflict resolution up to the users themselves to deal with, without the intervention of an authority figure. This strikes me as being more in line with the open source mindset.

&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;The [Python code of conduct](https://www.python.org/psf/conduct/) is based on an example policy from the Geek Feminism wiki. It is interesting in how it differs from the other examples in that it dedicates much more time to in-person interactions, rather than only online ones. For example, the code mentions stalking and bringing weapons into offices or to events as unacceptable behavior. The code is also missing some sections that are found in Go's such as Conflict Resolution and an Our Responsibilities section. It's interesting to see how each one varies and it provokes some thought into why certain organizations choose the basis that they do.
