---
layout: post
title: 'Week 11 - First PR'
---

&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;I'm very happy to report that I've gotten my first pull request approved and merged into Free Code Camp. It was a ver simple fix - just rewriting some instructions and cleaning up the formatting to make it clearer to the reader. Despite this, it still felt really good to get an approved PR and have maintainers thank me for my contribution. Everyone is very friendly and supportive, it makes me glad I chose this project. It was a bit nerve wracking because soon after I began working on the issue, someone else commented that they'd like to be assigned the issue. FCC doesn't assign issues, but it meant that we were both working on it at the same time and it was a race to finish and submit the PR. I checked the closed issues page a while after mine had been merged and his PR was submitted just after mine - they both said '1 hour ago.' Close call!

&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;<!--more--> I'm eager to get more PR's under my belt. My team and I have another issue in our sights concerning css in which we need to combine two css files into one to consolidate styles. I need to look more into it but it seems doable and within our skillset. I will say that my experience with submitting the last PR made me painfully aware of my inexperience in git. It took all of 5 minutes to find and edit the file in question, but quite a bit longer to figure out the correct way to branch, commit, push, pull, and so on. I get the general work flow but I get confused sometimes with all the terms and lingo. My goal is to be much better at using git by the end of this semester.